MTM-44133 related topics for device management (#546)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/device-management-bundle/managing-device-types.md

  To add a new device protocol, click **Add device protocol** at the top right, select a device protocol type and configure it following the instructions for the particular type in the *Protocol integration guide*."
---

{{< c8y-admon-related >}}

> * [Interfacing devices](/concepts/interfacing-devices/) in the *Concepts guide* for more information on how to interface devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Interfacing devices](/concepts/interfacing-devices/) in the *Concepts guide* for information on the concepts relevant for interfacing IoT devices and other IoT-related data sources with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

> * [LPWAN Custom device protocols](/protocol-integration/lpwan-custom-codec/) in the *Protocol integration guide* for custom device protocols for LPWAN devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [LPWAN Custom device protocols](/protocol-integration/lpwan-custom-codec/) in the *Protocol integration guide* for details on custom device protocols for LPWAN devices.
```

> * [LPWAN Custom device protocols](/protocol-integration/lpwan-custom-codec/) in the *Protocol integration guide* for details on custom device protocols for LPWAN devices.

Author: generalized the entry
